This is the content from the website for The Secret Garden, organized by page. Copy the content from here to use as you build your webpages semantically during this activity

---------------HEADER----------------------------

H1 - The Secret Garden

Logo:
Filename: leafLogo.png 
Alt Text: The Secret Garden logo is a layered seedling in two shades of green

NAV - Home Plants Contact


---------------FOOTER----------------------------

H3 - Find Us On Social Media!
Filename: facebook.png
Alt Text: square Facebook logo
Filename: instagram.png
Alt Text: instagram camera logo
Filename: pinterest.png
Alt Text: pinterest logo

H3 - Location 
1234 Main Street, Bellevue, WA 98009 
(555) 123-4567 
contact@theSecretGarden.com

The Site is for Educational Purposes Only


---------------HOME PAGE-------------------------

Page Description:
The Secret Garden is a family-owned garden supply center located in Bellevue, Washington. We sell everything you need to build the perfect yard or garden, and our experts are here to help!

H2 - Welcome to the Secret Garden!
Text (below hero image):
At The Secret Garden, our passion for plants has helped us to become the largest garden center in the state! We are a family-owned business, founded in 1967, that has served our friends and neighbors in the Seattle area with pride since opening. As we have grown over the years, we’ve focused on offering the healthy, beautiful, and Pacific-Northwest-friendly plants to our friends and neighbors. We grow many of our plants from seed, and are always working to ensure that our custom plant varieties are hardy and beautiful. We are open seven days a week at our location at 1234 Main Street in Bellevue, come visit us today!

Hero Filename: gardenPath.png
Alt Text: gravel path surrounded by flowers and vines climbing over metal arches

Grouped image and text:
Filename: plantInfo.png 
Alt Text: speech bubble graphic with flower graphic inside of it
H3 - Learn About Our Plants
Text: 
We offer native plants in many varieties! Our professional staff are here to help seven days a week, let them show you how to make your garden beautiful!

Grouped image and text:
Filename: commentBubble.png 
Alt Text: speech bubble graphic with three horizontal lines inside of it
H3 - Submit Our Contact Form
Text:
Do you have some questions about our location, products, owners, or services? Head to our Contact Page and submit your question through the form or give us a call!



---------------PLANTS PAGE-----------------------

H2 - Plants at The Secret Garden
Text below heading (also in description):
The Secret Garden in Bellevue, W.A. offers annuals, perennials, succulents, and more! Our outdoor plants are made for Washington weather, and we are here to help you find everything you need. Learn more about our plants before you buy!

Annuals (heading next to icon and above the annual plant images) 
Icon: flower.png - white flower outline graphic with six petals
plants that fall in the annuals category must be planted or replaced each year. They will not survive harsh winter weather, but bring beautiful color to your garden in spring, summer, or fall! 

Filename: marigold.png 
Alt Text: a close-up of bunches of orange-yellow marigold flowers with green leaves
Description: A galaxy of tiny, bright, yellow-gold flowers dance over unusual lime-green foliage. Also known as Mexican Mint Marigold or Spanish Tarragon, this rediscovered herb in the marigold family has a delicious fragrance reminiscent of anise. If you like signet marigolds, you will love this heirloom. It's a terrific way to bring color and a new and attractive aroma to your herb or fragrance garden.

Filename: poppy.png 
Alt text: a deep red poppy flower, fully open, with a thin green stem
Description: This sumptuous new corn poppy is a colorful, happy-making choice. ‘Pandora’, a strikingly lovely, color-soaked 15-25 inch poppy, prolifically blooms in magical combinations of shades—ranging from deepest burgundy-red to pinkish-red, lower petals artfully striped with silver-grey. Surface-sow seed in a sunny garden bed in winter, early spring, and late autumn for an extended floral extravaganza. ‘Pandora’ will thrive in prepared, well-drained, fertilized soil.

Filename: zinnia.png 
Alt Text: Red and yellow variegated zinnia flowers with pointed petals
Description: Old Mexico is a selection of Mexican zinnia (Zinnia haageana), a compact and disease resistant type of zinnia with amazing multi-colored double and semi-double flowers. It's good for cutting and planting in the middle or front of flower beds. More compact than Chippendale, the plants are only 12-18" tall but with similar flowers 2 1/2" across in mahogany red and contrasting yellow or gold petal-tips.


Perennials (heading next to the icon and above the perennial plant images) 
Icon: tree.png - white tree outline graphic
perennials are plants that do not need to be replaced or planted each year. Perennials can be used to add structure to your yard or garden and will grow in size from year to year. 

Filename: alstromeria.png 
Alt Text: Alstromeria with bunches of white flowers and buds against deep green leaves
Description: Crisp, pristine white flowers on vigorous, compact plants, ‘Claire’ Peruvian lily is a classic choice for bouquets, the garden or patio. Cut and bring the flowers inside to enjoy, or when they're finished blooming outside, remove stems all the way down to the ground to encourage new shoots.

Filename: chineseLantern.png 
Alt Text: Orange chinese lantern blooms clustered on branches
Description: Chinese Lantern is largely grown for its vividly colored, orange-red, lantern-shaped fruits that can be cut and dried and used for dried bouquets. Can be invasive; spreads rampantly.

Filename: lunaria.png 
Alt Text: lunaria looks like little pearlescent wafers on thin, light brown stems
Description: Money Plant is a biennial that is grown for the silvery white, flattened, disc-like seed pods. Plants bloom with clusters of lavender flowers in spring and make pods second summer after seeds are sown. It is these coin-shaped pods that make it attractive in dried arrangements. GARDEN HINTS: To dry seed pods; cut when fully developed, bunch and hang stems upside down in an airy place until completely dry, 2-3 weeks. Remove brown husks on sides of seed pod by gently rubbing between thumb and finger.


Succulents (heading next to the icon and above the succulent images) 
Icon: aloeVera.png - white aloe vera plant outline
succulents come in many varieties and colors. They are native to warmer climates, but can thrive indoors and require little maintenance.

Filename: haworthiaPlanifolia.png 
Alt Text: haworthia planifolia grows in a similar style to lettuce, with thick, wedge-shaped leaves
Description: This variety grows on cliffs and rocky slopes in South Africa where it survives hot, dry conditions by burying all but its leaf tips underground. The rosette is able to tolerate these low-light conditions because the leaf tips have translucent lines or "leaf windows" that allow sunlight into the leaf interior.

Filename: paddlePlant.png 
Alt Text: The paddle plant grows clusters of leaves that range from a blue-green to a muted red at the tips
Description: An eye-catching soft succulent with a unique form that grows in Zimbabwe, Mozambique, South Africa, and Swaziland. Its wide, round leaves fan out like clam shells and can grow wavy over time. Moderate stress from direct sun and cool temperatures (around 40F) will induce the pink color of the leaf edges to deepen and spread.

Filename: stringOfPearls.png 
Alt Text: The string of pearls succulent has leaves on long stems that look like a string of green pearls
Description: An all-time favorite for the way its bead-like leaves can cascade several feet. They originate in South Africa where they grow as ground cover in the shade of rocky outcroppings. Partial or filtered sun is ideal, as they are prone to sunburn if exposed to direct sun without a gradual, two week transition.


---------------CONTACT PAGE----------------------

Page Description: 
The Secret Garden in Bellevue, W.A. is here to help! Reach out to us through our contact form or call or come by our store with all of your questions. We want you to love your garden!

H2 - Contact The Secret Garden

H3 - Hello!
Text: 
We’re the Park Family, and The Secret Garden is our family’s business. Tom and Amanda, along with their children Charlie, Tommy, and Belle have been devoted to the business since Amanda’s Parents (John and Betty Roberts) retired in 2015. We hope that you feel like a family member every time you walk through our fields.
Filename: theParkFamily.png 
Alt Text: The Park family includes Amanda and Tom, and their children Charlie, Tommy, and Belle

H4 - Contact or Visit Us
1234 Main Street, Bellevue, WA 98009 
(555)123-4567 
contact@secretGarden.com

H4 - Hours of Operation
Monday-Thursday: 6:00AM-9:00PM 
Friday & Saturday: 6:00AM-10:00PM 
Sunday: 8:00AM-6:00PM

H3 - Send Us a Message
Filename: gardenTools.png 
Alt Text: A tray, disposable pots, shears, gloves, and clippings on a white counter
Text:
Please reach out to us with any questions or concerns you have by filling out and submitting this form, or by calling us during business hours. We appreciate your feedback!

FORM - 
Label							Input Type 
First Name						text 
Last Name						text 
Email Address					email 
Phone Number					tel 
Preferred Method of Contact		fieldset/legend 
Phone							radio 
Email							radio 
Comments						textarea 
Submit							submit 
Reset							reset




